Add control plane reference teardown instructions (#22)
cofide/connect-reference: control-plane/deployment/aws/README.md

- **RDS log exports and enhanced monitoring** — set `enabled_cloudwatch_logs_exports = ["postgresql", "upgrade"]` and `monitoring_interval = 60` to ship authentication failures and slow queries to CloudWatch.
- **EKS control plane log retention** — increase the CloudWatch log group retention period from the default 7 days to at least 90 days for security investigation purposes.
- **Stateful resource protection** — add `prevent_destroy = true` lifecycle rules to the RDS instance, KMS keys, and trust bundle S3 bucket to guard against accidental deletion.

## Teardown

To delete a Connect deployment deployed using this reference stack, perform the following actions in order:

> 1. Edit the ExternalDNS controller's [values.yaml](./k8s/controllers/external-dns/values.yaml) to set `policy: sync`, so that it is able to delete the DNS records it created for SPIRE and Connect load balancers, then re-run [install.sh](./k8s/controllers/external-dns/install.sh).

Reviewer: Shall we just set that as the default to begin with?

Author: I'd say so but assumed you'd added [this comment](https://github.com/cofide/connect-reference/blob/1d7e4d25bf3ba5e33ad39f2ba907dd7ffeaba1db/control-plane/deployment/aws/k8s/controllers/external-dns/values.yaml#L16-L17) due to some prior bad experience? Or did the 🤖 add that one?

Reviewer: I recall the clanker added that, and I wondered about how accurate it was, but decided that it wasn't worth digging into further.

Given the default in https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/external-dns/latest/docs/flags/ is actually `sync`

> Modify how DNS records are synchronized between sources and providers (default: sync, options: sync, upsert-only, create-only)

and I'm _pretty_ sure that's how I was previously running it in production (it's one of those you setup and don't really touch) I think lets change to simplify here?

I reckon this came from some tutorial or such in Claude's training data / it being conservative

Author: https://github.com/cofide/connect-reference/pull/22/commits/0294523f6bbc5c69e0fecc4a99fde6930b1a195a

> 2. Uninstall the Connect API and UI Helm charts: `helm uninstall -n connect connect connect-ui`. ExternalDNS controller should delete the corresponding Route53 DNS records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Uninstall the Connect API and UI Helm charts: `helm uninstall -n connect connect connect-ui`. ExternalDNS controller will delete the corresponding Route53 DNS records and AWS Loadbalancer Controller will delete the corresponding network loadbalancers.
```
